[Music]
we've hit an ugly bone we'll get it to
something or we lose everything
nothing blows back on the Mayans ripped
Archangel nothing to talk about
my boys they have no connection to my
past I buried it for a reason it's about
MA
I know killed her this [ __ ] with you at
Angel work it out
I know it betrayed you you stayed
because I was afraid to leave the club I
need to be a parceled it's the line
across it ain't no walking him back I
need your help with our rebel queen you
need me to get her dirty get her bloody
if you bring the other world into this
you undermine all the work you've done
to go legitimate ain't no fun if we
can't kill you look in your heart
brother
you're not gonna let it go until it's
finished buy-ins premieres Tuesday
September 3rd on FX
you